# PantryPals

The application is a social network for amateur cooks. Users of the application will have “pantries” which
they keep updated with ingredients that they possess. Users can interact with the application in several ways. They can post 
recipes of their favorite meals for others to view, or make standard posts of images and text. Users can also follow other 
users at different levels: if a user follows all posts of a user, they will view all of their updates. If a user instead follows only relevant posts of a user, they will only see recipes with ingredients that they possess. The application delivers recipes to the user based on available ingredients, cuisine/taste preferences, dietary restrictions, available cooking time, and expiration dates of ingredients. Users can also create joint pantries with other users in order to share ingredients in communal settings. Users have the ability to join social groups centered around common food themes. There also exist other convenient features such as Grocery List, which automatically populates the grocery list with ingredients from recipes that are Saved For Later that the user does not currently have. Users can also join communities of people which will allow them to interact with people of similar interests. Finally, people can search for people, recipes, or posts based on keywords. There are additional features discussed that will increase the complexity of this project including requesting to borrow ingredients from other users and integrating fitness/health applications with this one.

At the end of the project, we wish to demonstrate the implementation of a dynamic social network through which users can interact and consume information in real-time. Most importantly, we wish to demonstrate how the application leverages the efficient management of data in order to simplify day-to-day pantrypals.activities and improve the quality of living for amateur cooks who wish to improve their skills and repertoire.
